well Dignitas is on the upswing here at
the end of week 8 of the LCS I'm joined
right now by their coach are you head
coach and coppice assistant coach how
does that work
and now got that coach and i'm strategic
coach well so do you report to him to
see your boss no it's not I like that
they're just kind of like I mean there's
no hierarchy or structure or anything
it's a very flat flat level thing mmm I
guess oh I don't know yeah not yeah
politics is useless yeah I just really
for some reason like the idea of copying
your boss like that was funny to me why
because we can give me an order and go
watch anime or something is that is that
the cop way I think so he's like I'm
gonna be over here you you go deal with
this no I mean talk to me a little bit
about your return to dig and how that
whole experience has been and sort of
what's been going on with the team some
some I returned to dig I mean obviously
I was on Team Liquid and they didn't do
well you know so I left them kind of
like actually was like talking with them
getting into the split and they're kind
of told me about some of their roster
decisions and you know the prospects
they had and it's just like Jesus Christ
this looks scary so every kind of like
mutually parted ways and then you know I
ended up on Digg because I really liked
the roster I think all the players are
super good and you know like we're going
to cop and I worked at keene for a
really long time and I just I thought
this roster just had like the best
potential to do anything and I I looked
over a lot like playoff odds and you
know their whole last season and things
like pretty easy to identify the
mistakes that they were making and
they're like knowledge based things and
like team teamwork things a lot easier
to fix problems than like you just have
a mid laner that's like ending or
something you know so I think it's like
a lot easier for me to to show like what
I can do as a coach on this team and it
just kind of worked out and also cops
like we had like a really good dynamic
together so what do you attribute the
recent like upswing in the team - um I
mean I think you know obviously the the
baleen addition was really good like
they're pretty consistent about winning
baleen and doing well but I guess we're
doing good at the beginning of the
- we just kind of like a down kind of a
downward thing in the middle where I
guess think this has become like good
we were really structured going in the
beginning of the split and then in the
middle we kind of like lost lost our
structure and yeah you know donor one of
the owners came in and kind of like
worked with us and we kind of built up a
good process for how we go into the week
and you know we just I'm not gonna kind
of talk about it because you don't to
get all secrets but just the way that we
attack how we're going to deal with each
team each week is in the way we're going
to conduct practice and just like the
things that we're covering is just
really accurate and it's very concise
the owner like on the 76er side or I
it's one of the one of the people who
are on coasts before it's one of the one
of those lands so I'm sure everybody
loves them but you know yeah I mean Lee
because I think the reason I asked the
question is because it is you know no
one really knows like how much the
owners that have been around for a while
helped out versus newer faces the scene
they have a traditional sports
background so it would have been
somewhat enter it's an interesting
question about you know when an owner
stepping in to help out is that the
traditional sports guy or is it likely
traditional eSports guy no I mean it's
adrenaline David and Michael slam the
two people that work to coast and and
apex before I mean they might not be
like you know the best game people
obviously because you know they're more
on business side but I think they know a
little bit they know like you know a lot
about like managing people I mean that's
obviously what they do and and about
kind of just having structure so let's
like the main things that they bring and
with Dignitas doing so well and what is
interesting to me I was talking to
another player earlier this I think it
was sneaky about the fact that it feels
like right now there is no clear top
team like everybody looks really weak
which is unusual in my mind for the end
of a split because normally you have
that oh there's so much parity between
all these teams anybody can take em off
anybody at the beginning the split it
feels like there's no clear contender
for first place right now you know how
do you think that positions Dignitas and
is there a chance that you guys could
become that team well I mean there's
still a chance that we can actually
place first or even a first or second
you get the
the playoff buying it's like lower
chance because it requires other teams
that lose as well I mean we we beat all
the top teams in series and we also to a
GSM so I think that there's you know we
definitely shown that we can we can make
our run and I think the reason why it's
like so up in the air is because the
game is really really really snowball II
and it's really tough to come back from
a lead it's pretty much like 25 minutes
hits and a teen gets barren and it's
like lights out the game's over so if
you had like a bad draft that you know
you can't get pressure in like the early
game and they just know while the Baron
on you just lose so I think kick bands
really important and that's why a lot of
these games look really flippy-floppy so
I actually was supposed to talk to coach
Lee that wanted to to chat with me about
this but he didn't get a chance to but
he was expressing some frustration about
the patch and feeling like you know 7.15
some point one six maybe some issues I'm
curious like do you get frustrated by
the snowball you meta is this like a
situation where I mean maybe it's been a
good thing for Digg I don't know yeah I
don't know the coach is I'm just gonna
call him out because I feel like that's
a issue with the coach like one of the
benefits that cop and I have I feel like
over any other coach is like I have like
a I have accounts right below challenger
right now like cop has counts you know
matches and Challenger and like a new
patch hits like who I do on my day off
and what he does on his day off is we
just like played the game together and
we just dive in like let's try this
let's try that like let's play on this
and you get a feel for it I'll give you
like a good example of it like all these
teams are picking gin right the worst
championing the entire game so it's soda
somebody picked that champion it's just
discovered and it's like all you have to
do to understand how bad it is it's just
go into a soloqueue game and play it one
time are like play like a real ADC into
it and then or play into all these tanks
and you're just like you got to be
smoking the real good I mean I know weed
is legal in California but you got to be
on the good Kush to like do you wanted
to play that and that's just that's just
like if you have coaches that don't
actually play the game then yeah they
won't realize it and instead it's just
like I saw somebody picking this and the
wind rates are good like all they have
is like data in front of them instead of
like how it really feels in game
you're much more like ignore this
assistive statistics let me test drive
and I'll tell you what's actually going
on yeah I mean we look at the statistics
lot too
but you can't just blindly trusted istic
you have to like get a feel for it as
well what I mean obviously cop former ad
carry you former jungler are you you
feel like the both of you still have a
pretty good understanding of the other
roles too whenever changes are made to
top lane or mid lane or something um I
mean yeah like I don't have to be
playing I can be playing jungle and I
can see how the top matchups going and
like my master gave my challenger game
you know and it's like huh it looks like
impact winning that matchup in my solo
queue game I guess that looks pretty
annoying and then I do like a little bit
more research on it and then I talked to
some day and then you know it's just
like a big conversation like everybody's
involved in it to decide like what what
gets picked good stuff alright well is
there anything that you want to say to
any of the fans I can't believe people
are still subscribing to me on Twitch
even though I stream like one time I'm
on you guys are crazy
well yeah thanks for supporting us
what's the next time you're in a stream
I don't know dude I'm busy we're busy
big all season too much winning that's
what I'm hearing it's a lot you got to
put the time in any research yeah all
right very good well thank you so much
for the interview it's good to chat with
you it's been a bit everyone else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things legal legends here on my
youtube channel everyone I want to thank
you for subscribing it to my channel
what you haven't subscribed yet oh let
sponsor alright
well anyway if you haven't subscribed
you should definitely do that otherwise
concert will attack you and also feel
for you to support me over at traffic
AFRICOM slash support